For my CSC299 Project, I decided with the help of AI to assist with my coding and planning to create a task manager. In this project, when running the main.py it would open up the manager as it will provide you a welcome message with a guide or heads start with the help command. Once you type in help, it will provide a list of commands you can do which add a task, mark it as done and remove it along with exiting the program. I had used copilot to help me generate this idea along with getting started on creating the first prototype. I then afterward used the agent mode chat feature in vscode to help and assist me with creating the prototypes such as giving me a template or reference and detecting and fixing any bugs located within. Not only that it also helped with copying and pasting when it came to creating the different types of tasks which was very helpful as I didn't know how to properly do that. However there were some issues when using the ai such as not really fully understanding what it was using along with it proceeding to make more when not needed or the constant repeats of running and commands such running tests to ensure that the code I had was running correctly and that the tests came out as passed in which I wasn't too familiar with or understood at all. Not only that there were some issues where it didn't do what I wanted it to do, such as refactoring files to match with a file that had a changed name which resulted in me having to specifically ask it to rebuild it with the intended file in mind. Another issue was around tasks1, where it had forgotten to add in a search tool in which I had to ask it to do so which ran into the issue of the agent not fully doing everything that it was asked to do. Also it also intends to keep requesting changes or providing steps to do next which made me unsure if what I had done for the specific task was fully completed plus with adding files that I felt was a bit unnecessary to add which resulted in my workspace looking very messy. Other than that, I was also pretty new to github and how to commit changes and luckily the agent helped me in understanding that fully, proceeding me the commands I needed to put in the terminal to add, commit and push before I eventually figuring and understanding on how to do those without doing the terminal commands. I think once I got a hang on how the agent worked along with explaining what I had to do for each task, the process became smoother and helped me overall improve on my coding skills specifically when it comes to doing it with the assist of ai. For the final folder, I asked it to combine all the elements from all the tasks and make it into one. I did have to ask it to adjust it a bit as I didn’t like how the final folder only worked with the commands only so I made it so where it worked for both interactive input and commands and provided it in my readme.